we shall now begin the voting process
the UN General Assembly succeeded where
the security Council didn't passing a
resolution that demanded an immediate
humanitarian ceasefire for Gaza and the
release of all captives 153 member
states voted in favor 21 more than the
last time the assembly called for a
humanitarian
truce the resolution is very simple
clear and explicit but not clear enough
for the United States who along with
Israel was one of the 10 countries who
voted against we support speaking out
with one voice to condemn Hamas for his
terrorist actions on October
7th why is that so hard to say
unequivocally that murdering babies and
gunning down parents in front of their
children is horrific no country has veto
power in the general assembly and many
speakers noted the lives of thousands of
innocent civilians and The credibility
of the United Nations was at stake right
now what we are seeing is an onslaught
on
civilians the breakdown of humanitarian
systems and profound disrespect for both
international
law and international humanitarian law
only a security Council resolution is
considered binding under international
law but a general assem resolution
carries political weight and the Arab
and Islamic Nations who spearheaded this
effort are vowing to use the momentum to
keep pushing for a
ceasefire this draft resolution demands
an immediate humanitarian ceasefire let
me repeat demands the language of
Demands it has the power of
implementation it does not call for or
urges it demands and we will not not
rest until we see compliance he promised
yet another ceasefire resolution to that
effect will be put to a vote in the
security Council perhaps as soon as this
week Kristen salumi Al jazer the United
Nations make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer